=============================================
üéôÔ∏è TRANSCRIPTION REPORT
File: static\audio\converted_tmpangws9c1.mp4.wav
Date: 2025-06-30 13:18:36
Model: Whisper Base
Language: English
=============================================

 Today we're talking about hooks. If you want your videos to perform better, you
have to make better hooks. But here's the thing, I'm not going to give you a
list of 25 proven viral hooks, because that's not what you need. What you need
is to understand the psychology behind why those hooks work. And then the
tactics for how to use that psychology in your own stuff. So these are going to
be the six best ways to improve your hooks immediately. And if you do all of
these, I guarantee your videos will perform better. I know this works because
content is all I do. I have almost a million followers, billions of views, and
these are the secrets for how I go viral whenever I want. All right, tip number
one is actually the mega tip. It's my full three step hook formula. And this is
how I look at social media. You are driving down the highway at 70 miles an
hour. I need you to see something, stop, turn around, and come back the other
way. So how do I get you to do that? The way I do that is by building a
curiosity loop. And this is one of the base commandments in storytelling. If you
want to tell a great story, you need the viewer to watch the first line and feel
so compelled that they can't dream of doing anything else than watching the
second line and the third line and so on. The domino effect, this is the
curiosity loop. And the deeper the loop, the more curious you are, the more I've
hooked you. So the question is, how do I do that in just three or four
sentences? And the answer is that I built a formula that does this every single
time. It's three steps. The first step is what I call the context lean. In the
first line or two, I need to do two things. One, I need to be super clear about
what the video is actually about. Topic clarity. And this is so you as the
viewer can self-select in or out based on your interest. If I'm talking about
investing and you don't care about investing, I actually don't want to trick you
into watching the video because you're not my target viewer. But if you do care
about investing, I want to signal this to you as soon as possible. So I need to
give you immediate context about the topic. The second thing I need to do is get
you leaning in. Context lean. The more you lean in, the more curious you are.
These are the easiest ways to get somebody to lean in. Establish common ground.
Reference, a benefit or pain point they may have. Use a metaphor to simplify a
complex idea. Or tell them something so interesting it blows their mind. You
need them to be connected and feel like what you're talking about relates to
them in some way. Let's go through an example of one of my videos. This is the
sphere video I made that got 8 million views. I want you to just watch the first
two lines. The tech in the Vegas sphere is insane. Biggest screen ever built. 20
times bigger than an iMacs. Right away I'm telling you exactly what the context
of the video is. The sphere and the tech inside. And I'm getting you to lean in
by talking about the screen, showing it and referencing how much bigger it is
than an iMacs, something you may have known. Now this is taking the show you
something interesting to blow your mind route of the options. And of course not
everyone is going to be interested in this video. But if you've heard about the
sphere or care about tech in venues, you're going to be leaning in. Okay, so
that's step one. Now step two is what I call the scroll stop interjection. This
is a single line meant to act like a stun gun. I need you to start leaning in
and then immediately I need you to stop being able to move forward, like you ran
into a window. And the best way to do this in practice is by using a contrasting
word. I like to use the word but, but you could use things like however, yet,
although, therefore, on the other hand, things like that. And this is more just
meant to be a setup line for the haymaker that's coming in step three. But in
order for them to accept the haymaker, you need to stun them first. Now back in
the sphere example, let's watch both the context lean and the scroll stop
interjection together. The tech in the Vegas sphere is insane. Biggest screen
ever built, 20 times bigger than an iMacs. But get this, the screen is actually
the least impressive part of the whole thing. So at this point, I've kind of
stunned you, right? I first established context and got you leaning in about how
interesting the sphere is, talking about the tech and the screen. But then I
stunned you and told you the screen is actually not impressive at all. At this
point, you're like, what could possibly be coming next? I, the screen looks
huge. I can see it in the visuals. And this is the curiosity loop that is
building. You wondering what is coming next is replacing any thought that could
be distracting you and send you anywhere else. All right, time for step three.
This is the haymaker. I call it the contrarian snapback. Now the contrarian
snapback is a sentence that goes in the opposite direction of the initial lean.
It's still on topic, but it snaps to viewer back on a different path. And the
bigger the shock, the bigger the snap, the better the effect. So let's finish
the sphere example now with all three parts. The tech in the Vegas sphere is
insane. Biggest screen ever built. 20 times bigger than an iMacs. But get this,
the screen is actually the least impressive part of the whole thing. Because the
most impressive part is the audio. This is going to blow your mind. At this
point, I've got you hookline and sinker. I established context immediately. I
got you leaning in the case that you were interested in something about the
screen or something new you hadn't seen before. Then I stunned you and played
the unroversed card, snapping you back in a different direction. Instead of
talking about the screen, now I'm talking about the audio. That is the snapback.
At this point, you are fully hooked and fully curious about what comes next. You
can't dream of doing anything else other than learning how this audio is more
impressive than the biggest screen ever built. That's hookline and sinker. Now
it turns out if you go back and you analyze best performing content from any
creator across any medium, a lot of it follows this exact same formula. And it
doesn't just have to be the big new style, entertainment style, video type
content. If I'm making content as a real estate agent, and I'm purely looking to
drive leads to my real estate practice, Pure B2B, I could say something like
this. There are three massive mistakes people are making with their mortgage.
The average person pays an extra $12,000 per year. Now most people think it's
because of high interest rates, but it turns out it has nothing to do with that.
Because the biggest waste of money is actually coming from see what I did there?
I don't know anything about real estate. I don't know what the right answer that
is, but just that hook setup, even without me knowing any context, I can get you
leaning one way and then the other. And if you're a real estate agent and you
make content in that format, I guarantee that would drive so many leads, it
would build you as authority in your category, that's what you want to do. That
hook format works every category, every space. And if you don't believe it
works, I'm going to do a magic trick. Because I use this same psychology formula
on you for the hook in this video. And if you're still watching, that proves it
worked. Let me show you exactly what I did. So I started off by saying this.
Today we're talking about hooks. If you want your videos to perform better, you
have to make better hooks. So right away, this was me giving context on exactly
what the video is about hooks, but also creating common ground and getting you
to lean in around the benefit of making better videos if you figure out how to
make better hooks. This started building the curiosity loop in your mind. Now,
if you watch just those who sentences and you don't really care about making
videos or making content, then that didn't really apply to you and you've
probably bounced anyway. But if you're at this point right now, I guarantee it's
because you're trying to figure out how to make videos to perform better. So
this built common ground with you, which is my target viewer. Okay, so that's
step one. So context about the video and I got you leaning in. So now what's
next? The next thing I said was this. But here's the thing. I'm not gonna give
you a list of 25 proven viral hooks because that's not what you need. This is
the scroll stop interjection, the stop sign, the red light, the stun gun. And
this stops you in your tracks because I'm reiterating what you've typically
heard in the past. Typically you see creators talk about the list of the 40 best
proven hooks and then they give you the list. But you know this isn't the
answer. I know that's not the answer. So I'm using that embedded belief in your
head that you know it's not the answer to stun you into waiting to see what
comes next. This is just the setup line to give the contrarian snapback. But it
works especially well here because you and I both know that conventional wisdom
doesn't work. And so I'm playing on that embedded subconscious belief. Okay, so
so far you've stopped the car and you've exited off the highway. Now how do I
get you to turn around? That is step three. So what did I do next? This is the
last thing I said. What you need is to understand the psychology behind why
those hooks worked. And then the tactics for how to use that psychology in your
own stuff. And this is the contrarian snapback because most people have heard
the word psychology. Whether you study psychology or not, you've heard the word
psychology and you have a suspicion as I delivered it that that actually would
result in some surprise or secret information that's way deeper than the
conventional wisdom. You hear that and you believe that to be true. So I've
snapped you back off the conventional wisdom back to this psychology frame,
which is what I'm talking about. So when I say hey, if you wanna achieve X,
don't do Y, do Z. And if you wanna achieve X, you're gonna listen. It works
every time. The key though is that you need Z to actually be compelling, which
in this case, I think it is. This is actually the formula I use and I know it's
proven to work. If you just do this game, but then you don't actually have
anything at the end of the rainbow, people would just churn and you're a fraud.
So this formula works in all types of videos. It's not just short-formed long
form and it works everywhere else. Any type of content in conversation in life.
This is based psychology 101. Context lean, scroll stop interjection, contrarian
snapback. Now implementing this in every different video and every different use
case, that's what takes reps and practice. That is not easy. And because it's so
hard, I'm actually building a software that's gonna do all this for you
automatically. Not just the hooks, but the entire script. You just put in the
topic and I will take all the content frameworks and psychology baselines that I
understand and we'll just write the script and the hook for you to make the
video compelling. 60 minutes of script writing work distilled down into 60
seconds. That's what we're going for. It's called sandcastles. Now we haven't
launched it yet. It's coming soon. Beta's gonna drop soon. We have a massive
wait list. Make sure you're on that wait list because we're gonna have a launch
price that's gonna be lower than we ever offer. And anyone on that wait list is
gonna get it. So sandcastles.ai, we're gonna help with all this automated script
writing and hooking. All right, so now that we walk through the base psychology
in the formula, which is really important to cover up first, let me go through
some extra things that will really help you sauce up your hooks on top of that
foundation. Because I promise six in that formula is technically just one. So
here's the other five. All right, the second thing is visual hooks. I say this a
lot, visual hooks are so, so, so critical in the video. I cannot overstate the
importance. Visual hooks are probably 100 times more powerful than just spoken
word hooks. And it's because people read faster than they can hear or that they
can visually comprehend a full video scene. I've said this on many other videos,
but if you just put title text, your videos will do so much better. So step one
is put three to five words on the screen in a big bold font that helps build
that context lean. If you can speak it in one to two sentences, can you write
three to five words and distill that message down? A good example of this is in
my video about life size floor plans. This video got like 15 million views.
Check this out, these are called life size floor plans. I use the text, future
of home design and life size floor plans with arrows to quickly establish the
context. And I used future of home designs instead of life size floor plans at
the beginning because life size floor plans is kind of the name of the thing.
And I didn't want to risk misunderstanding. That is how critical and in detail I
get with these visual hooks. That's how important they are. Now the second piece
of the visual hook is the visual itself. You want the most compelling visual
possible with enough motion to hold their attention. It's like when a deer sees
something out of the corner of their eye in their woods, they're gonna stop and
they're gonna look and they're gonna see it. You want that same effect with your
visual. Too much motion and you're gonna overwhelm them and it'll miss the
context. Too little motion and you're gonna bore them and they may churn. You
need just enough motion. Sometimes this motion could be a girl in a get ready
with me putting their hair up kind of leaning forward and leaning back. That
sometimes is just enough motion to stun the viewer into holding and watching for
more. This famous Colin and Samir video about the Rayban Metas, this has 60
million views. The reason this went so viral in my opinion is because the
initial clip has the perfect amount of rapid motion and then him in the mirror.
That motion holds and allows them to talk about the point which eventually
convinces them that the Rayban Metas are cool. So motion is so critical in the
visual hook. The combo of text on screen plus the motion in the video plus the
spoken word, that combo is way more powerful than just the spoken word. Now the
third and fourth tips are about helping you build that common ground that I
talked about in the context lean. The third piece is also based psychology. It's
that people like hearing things that they're already interested in but they're
open to hearing new perspectives on it if they think that new perspective will
unlock a benefit or solve a pain point that they have in the category. So if you
make a video about magnesium as a supplement an average way to write that hook
would be something like you should be taking magnesium because it's one of 21
core building block minerals. It's kind of decent but it requires a previous
understanding about magnesium and doesn't really talk about a benefit or pain
point. A better context lean here would be something like if you want better
sleep you need to be taking magnesium. This leads with the benefit of talking
about better sleep and then introduces magnesium as a potential solve. Even if
someone is against supplements or against magnesium they will likely wait and
hear you out because their desire to solve the pain of not sleeping well is so
strong. When you're writing hooks you always want to think about what the
benefit or pain point solve is to the target viewer and then work that in if you
can. All right, now the fourth piece to building the common ground is cult
hopping and I've talked about this before. When people hear something that
they've heard before it unlocks a comfort in their subconscious and the opposite
is true. It sounds weird but if you hear a bunch of stuff you've never heard
before you start to feel dumb and you don't like that feeling so you bounce
away. This is why if you tried to listen to an advanced physics lecture and
you've never taken a physics class you would likely feel super dumb and not
wanna listen to it. So when you're making videos about complex or niche topics
you need to find a way to wrap the unknown idea in something that is known, some
common layer. And one way to do this is what I call cult hopping. This is taking
a known brand or celebrity or a movement or some cultural reference and using it
as a metaphor or a comparison around your point. For example, if you make videos
about complex tax planning maybe you talk about how Taylor Swift's financial
advisor would plan her estate around the Aras Tour earning she just made. Or
maybe you just reference her in a group of celebrities when you talk about the
elite level of wealth that you serve. Using these references is a really easy
way to establish that common ground and it's subconscious but it creates comfort
for the viewer. And you don't need to make your full piece of content around
that celebrity or brand but this will help you draft off the credibility and the
popularity of something that already exists when you're still smaller and
growing. All right, tip number five is to compress speed to value. And this is
saying I use a lot especially when I'm talking about short form video. When you
make a piece of content you should feel like you have a timer counting down in
your head before that content explodes and no one pays attention to it. Her
short form that timer is about four seconds. For YouTube videos that timer is
maybe one to two minutes. So you need to find a way to compress the time to
demonstrate initial value to before that explosion line. And that applies to
both educational and entertainment content. The best way to do this is to give a
little hit of value right at the front either in the hook or right after the
hook because you don't want to bury your best stuff. Think of it like this,
anything you make after they click off might as well be a black screen because
they're not going to see it. You should front load the value as much as
possible. You're not going for full completion. Your super fans will watch the
full video. You want to front load the value as much as possible to eke out an
extra 30 seconds out of time. Now I find that as long as that first hit of value
is unique and helpful. They will typically stay around long enough to give you a
chance to show your second hit of value. That same logic that we apply with the
curiosity loop should apply to this value loop. Give context immediate value.
Give context immediate value. Front load that as much as possible. Ideally you
can inject that first hit of value within the hook. That's when you're really
masterful. But if you can't do it in the hook, do it right after the hook to
keep them. All right, now the sixth super tactical tip is to make your hook
sentences staccato. And if you don't know what staccato means, staccato is a
type of no-imusic that is short. Ta, ta, ta, that's staccato. Now I talked about
in my storytelling video which I'll link at the end of this, how it's good to
vary the length of your sentences to create a diverse rhythm. And that is true
for the whole video. But for the hook up front, you wanna compress short
sentences as much as you can. And the reason why you do this is because shorter
sentences force you to achieve max clarity. It increases the density of value
per word at the beginning. And when time is at a premium at the beginning of the
video, you wanna increase density value per word as much as you can. Go shorter
initially and then expand to medium and longer as the video extends. All right,
as you can tell, a lot of this is just getting the reps in and continuing to
iterate and learn how to do this. Make this subconscious. There are dozens of
other tips I had in time for in this video that I also try to infuse as well.
It's all about the reps. Now this takes time. I've spent thousands of hours
doing this myself. What you really need are reps and then guidance from somebody
who has more reps than you. And this is the type of thing that I help people
with in short form academy. Right now the academy's closed, but make sure if
this is the thing you need help with and you're interested in, be on the wait
list, short form.academy. We'll let you know first when we reopen. And also
guys, check out all the free resources that I have in the description. I'm not
lying when I say this. I put almost all of my best stuff out for free. It's all
in the description. You just click subscribe and I will send the stuff to you.
So make sure to check that out. If you're struggling, make sure you're on the
wait list for Sandcastles and we'll see you guys on the next video. Peace.

=============================================
END OF TRANSCRIPTION
