=============================================
üéôÔ∏è TRANSCRIPTION REPORT
File: static\audio\test.wav
Date: 2025-06-29 13:49:35
Model: Whisper Base
Language: English
=============================================

 Hi, I'm Lucy. People have been asking me for so long to come on here and talk
about what I do. Now I've left the ages because it wasn't the right time.
However, after a long hard think, it's now the time. So what is it I do? Well,
15 years ago I bought my first property and since then I've bought others. I'm a
property investor. Although I don't like to call myself a property investor. I
make wealth. I grow my wealth through money. Sorry, I grow my wealth through
property. That's what I do. So for me, I'm an investor. However, the vehicle is
property. Therefore I'm a property investor. The reason I don't like to say I'm
a property investor is I don't really like properties. However, I love what they
give to me. I love the lifestyle I've got from them. I love the future that it's
making me and I love the flexibility of my life because of it. So how do I do
all that and not get involved? Well, I made a lot of mistakes and I learnt from
those mistakes. One of the biggest crushing mistakes I made, which was a pivotal
point for me, was when one of my properties got turned into a drug den. I spent
thousands doing it up and then I rushed the end point of trying to get a family
in. It was just before Christmas. I didn't want to sit in their empty. I didn't
want to lose any more money. I got them in. It turned out about a family that
was staged for my benefit and the sub story that came with them was to do. So
six months later I get this house back. There are holes in all the walls. There
is electrics hanging down from the ceilings. It stinks. There's weed everywhere.
I called the police. It then transpired that they'd refigured, configured the
gas meter. So they dug up the floor and that got caught. That all got charged
back to me. I had to organise it all being done again and then I had to get it
refurbed. However, it was the best thing that ever happened to me because I
didn't run away from it. What I did was sit with the pure terror that it caused,
the anxiety and all those horrible feelings that rushed through me because of
what happened. I just felt I was never going to feel like that again. I was
never going to let this happen and I was going to make this work in a way where
I could never be worried or concerned about such a thing happening. That's what
I did. I spent thousands on training. I made it my priority to grow my network.
Biggest thing I could have done. I decided to get professionals in every stage
out to help me. And off the back of that, I got tech people in to help me create
the process. I now have properties landing on my lap. I now have a system where
every single part of the puzzle, because it is a puzzle. There are lots of
stages. A handover is done to the professional in that field. So not only do I
get the right houses, the refurb is correct, the tenant is right, the long-term
sustainability works. I get it done in the best possible way by the best
possible people. And so the outcome for me is every month I get a report. So I
can see what's going on my property. Does that mean things don't go wrong?
Absolutely not. It means I have a system to deal with every single problem that
could occur. So the problem is not a problem anymore. It's just something that
happens that gets fixed. I don't want to hear about a broken boiler. I don't
want to hear the drama that's happened with the neighbor next door or the tenant
that's not paid their rent. What I need to know is what money I am making off
these properties. If there is a problem that cannot be fixed then yes I need to
know about it. But we fix them all. So that doesn't happen. In yes there will be
times when something needs replacing. But that's just a budget. That's not a
cause for anxiety. I don't need to worry by the phone that the tenants call him
in. It catastrophes what it is before of even answer the phone. My office
answers the phone and they find the right person and they get the person out to
sort it. And that is how you do property. And that is why my system has worked
so well. But now other people are asking to use my system. They want to pay me
for one of my properties and then they want to put it through my machine. And
what's been difficult is yes but not for everybody. It does not work for
everybody. It works for the people who are exactly like me because the machine
was designed and set up for me. And what is that? That is hands off investing.
You don't look at the property. You don't care about the property. You don't
need to meet the tenants. You don't need to pick the carpet or the paint. You
just need to know here's my money. Is that a good deal? Here's the financials of
it. Yes it is. Great. And then you watch your bank grow. The rest is taken care
of. For those people this works. And the people who like to be involved in all

=============================================
END OF TRANSCRIPTION
